

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />



    <title>April 2016 - SOCVR</title>

    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico?v=9B3qFYeTuPgqHf2tzSyzHRyyagZ0Ew0bIvEmh9I1l84" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.css" />

<script type="text/javascript">
	
    var appInsights=window.appInsights||function(a){
        function b(a){c[a]=function(){var b=arguments;c.queue.push(function(){c[a].apply(c,b)})}}var c={config:a},d=document,e=window;setTimeout(function(){var b=d.createElement("script");b.src=a.url||"https://az416426.vo.msecnd.net/scripts/a/ai.0.js",d.getElementsByTagName("script")[0].parentNode.appendChild(b)});try{c.cookie=d.cookie}catch(a){}c.queue=[];for(var f=["Event","Exception","Metric","PageView","Trace","Dependency"];f.length;)b("track"+f.pop());if(b("setAuthenticatedUserContext"),b("clearAuthenticatedUserContext"),b("startTrackEvent"),b("stopTrackEvent"),b("startTrackPage"),b("stopTrackPage"),b("flush"),!a.disableExceptionTracking){f="onerror",b("_"+f);var g=e[f];e[f]=function(a,b,d,e,h){var i=g&&g(a,b,d,e,h);return!0!==i&&c["_"+f](a,b,d,e,h),i}}return c
    }({
        instrumentationKey: '171f4e67-a9d7-4b5f-b03f-1a42f7214ed4'
    });

    window.appInsights=appInsights,appInsights.queue&&0===appInsights.queue.length&&appInsights.trackPageView();
	
    </script></head>
<body>
    

<div id="navigation">
        <nav>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/">Home</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/tour">Tour</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/faq">FAQ</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/tools/userscripts">Tools</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/history">Room Info</a>
        </nav>
        <nav>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/info">Room Meetings</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/nominations">Nominations</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/history">History</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/celebrations">Celebrations</a>
        </nav>
        <nav>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/info">Info</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2015-11">November 2015</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2015-12">December 2015</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2016-04">April 2016</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2016-08">August 2016</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2016-10">October 2016</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2017-01">January 2017</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2017-05">May 2017</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2017-11">November 2017</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2018-08">August 2018</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2019-04">April 2019</a>
                <a class="nav-item" href="/room-info/room-meetings/2020-02">February 2020</a>
        </nav>
</div>


<div id="content">
    <h2>April 2016</h2>
<h3>Agenda</h3>
<!-- add this to each bullet point -->
<!-- [Bookmark](link to topic start) -->
<ol>
<li>Can we ask for someone in the room to edit in a relevant tag on a question so that it can be single-handedly closed with the hammer?</li>
<li>Should we leave a comment under posts that were closed as a result of a cv-pls in order to let the OP know how to improve their question? If so on which close reasons?</li>
<li>Does the room/group need to be renamed to reflect the fact that it doesn't focus only on &quot;Close&quot; activity?</li>
<li>Are the activities of the room effective at meeting its goals?</li>
<li>What can / should we do to make our votes more effective?</li>
<li>Are we okay with having a lot of members being privileged Smokey users? Should only RO be privileged in SOCVR and let members be privileged in Charcoal HQ if they really want to?</li>
<li>Should we have an SOCVR Code of Conduct that all regulars are expected to follow, not only in SOCVR but also on SO / MSO / chat / any and all SE places?</li>
<li>Creating editing events as well as close events (specially while burnating tags); if so, coordination of edits needs to be discussed.</li>
<li>On smoke detector message where a post only needs to be edited, find a rule to avoid conflicting edits attempts. Example: we post a chat message &quot;I will edit&quot; or similar.</li>
<li>Should we move the <a href="https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/SOCVR-RoomInformation/blob/master/burnination.md">burnination process</a> to a meta question?</li>
<li>Should burnination be officially <a href="https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/SOCVR-RoomInformation/blob/master/burnination.md#process">undertaken by SOCVR</a> or should a new &quot;Burninators&quot; specialized room handle it?</li>
</ol>
<h3>Resolutions</h3>
<!-- add this to each section -->
<!-- [Bookmark](link to topic start) -->
<h4>1. Can we ask for someone in the room to edit in a relevant tag on a question so that it can be single-handedly closed with the hammer?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-1">we will not allow tag-editing for handing off to gold badge holders.</a></p>
<h4>2. Should we leave a comment under posts that were closed as a result of a cv-pls in order to let the OP know how to improve their question? If so on which close reasons?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-2">No, we should not leave comments under posts that were cv-plsed. It is left up to the user making the request.</a></p>
<h4>3. Does the room/group need to be renamed to reflect the fact that it doesn't focus only on &quot;Close&quot; activity?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-3-part-1">Postponed to next meeting</a></p>
<h4>4. Are the activities of the room effective at meeting its goals?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-4">So yes I'd say we see on a daily basis that we are effective at meeting our goals</a></p>
<h4>5. What can / should we do to make our votes more effective?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-5">We need a diverse toolset, based on each others need, we need to evaluate what we have now, improve them in the next few months and re-visit this topic the next meeting.</a></p>
<h4>6. Are we okay with having a lot of members being privileged Smokey users? Should only RO be privileged in SOCVR and let members be privileged in Charcoal HQ if they really want to?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-6">we are fine with members of SOCVR having permissions to run the bot. RO's will monitor for bot misuse and anyone can bring up odd behavior to the Charcoal room.</a></p>
<h4>7. Should we have an SOCVR Code of Conduct that all regulars are expected to follow, not only in SOCVR but also on SO / MSO / chat / any and all SE places?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-7">If SO rules aren't good enough, let's fix the SO rules.</a></p>
<h4>8. Creating editing events as well as close events (specially while burnating tags); if so, coordination of edits needs to be discussed.</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-8">Is there any disagreement to having trial edit events?</a> <em>spoiler: No</em></p>
<h4>9. On smoke detector message where a post only needs to be edited, find a rule to avoid conflicting edits attempts. Example: we post a chat message &quot;I will edit&quot; or similar.</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-9">I think this should be the same as comments when cv-plsing. Not required or officially encouraged, but a &quot;nice to do&quot;.</a></p>
<h4>10. Should we move the <a href="https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/SOCVR-RoomInformation/blob/master/burnination.md">burnination process</a> to a meta question?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-10">I made a start here: meta.stackoverflow.com/a/â€¦</a></p>
<h4>11. Should burnination be officially <a href="https://github.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/SOCVR-RoomInformation/blob/master/burnination.md#process">undertaken by SOCVR</a> or should a new &quot;Burninators&quot; specialized room handle it?</h4>
<p><a href="http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/108179/conversation/2016-april-topic-11">I think burninations should not be chatroom dependent. If a chat room wants to donate it's resources, that's great. A meta answer should be the main hub for burnination coordination.</a></p>

</div>


</body>
</html>
